What is a server:

A server is a computer that provides services to other devices, such as: 
Directory Services, DNS service, Index/Search service, Database Service, Email Service
Firewall Service, Print Service. A server can act as a File  Server, a Proxy Server or a Web Server.
A server can be physical and only provide service or can host multiple virtual servers that provide different services each.



What is the role of the domain name:

The role of the domain name is to map the IP address of a server hosting the requested page to a human-readable name.


What type of DNS record www is in www.foobar.com:

It is a type A record. The adress maps to the IP address of the server
hosting the website.


What is the role of the web server

A web server can be reffered to as the hardwardare side and the software side working together.

The hardware is responsible for storing HTML, CSS, Javascript files etc... It is also responsible for connecting to the internet and supports
data exchange between other devices thorughout the web.

The software is responsible for controlling how web users access those files on the hardware part of the server, usually through the HTTP protocol.
A web server must understand URLs and the HTTP protocol to server web pages to clients.
A server can be accessed through its domain name.

A web server can be static and serve the same pages to every users.
It is consisted of the hardware and an HTTP server handling the requests.

A web server can also be dynamic, it includes a static server and other software like an application server and  a database. It updates the content of each pages based on different criterias and then send them via the HTTP server.

The application server might be responsible for filling HTML templates with dynamic content from a database.


What is the role of the application server:

An application server sits behind the web server and provides softwares
to handle the buisness logic of an application. It is designed as opposite to a web server, to serve dynamic tasks such as: processing client requests, maintaing sessions. It interacts with a database server for that.



What is the role of the database:

A database is a collection fo data stored in an organized way so that it's easy to retrieve.

A web application needs to interact with a database to store, retrieve, update or delete user's informamtion, order etc...

What is the server using to communicate with the computer of the user requesting the website:

A server communicate with a user's computer (client) through the HTTP protocol.

The client, usually the web browser, sends an HTTP request to the seerver
to retrieve a page and the server sends a response withe requested ressource or an error message.




SPOF of this stack: 

The stack only consist of one physical server, so if it doesn't, the request won't be passed to web server or the application server running on the physical server.

Since only one server hosts the website, it would struggle handling multiple requests at the same time and maintaining it would require to restart and make the website that it hosts, temporarly unavailable because there is no backup server.


